Dec 13, 2007
The Grabowskis - Season Four
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9rJI_4ttcWs
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IDOHWnW9B8c&t=18m13s
https://redlettermedia.fandom.com/wiki/List_of_The_Grabowskis_episodes

The following video contains graphic language, shocking images, and material that some might find objectionable or offensive. This video might not be suitable for children or elderly people with health conditions, please consult a physician before viewing this video. Having read this disclaimer, you have just waived all rights to pursue any legal action against the creators, actors, their successors, any furniture that has appeared in the video, or Santa Claus. The Garbowski's Special Holiday Message may not be valid in all states.
Happy holidays from the Grabowski's! Wave, Sammy!
That's right, folks. What she said. Have a merry Christmas!
Cliff, you're not supposed to say the C-word.
What, cunt?
No, Christmas.
Why the fuck can't I say Christmas?
Because some people don't celebrate Christmas, and they might get offended by the mere mention of Christmas. So, that's why we say happy holidays.
Oh. Well, why are we doing this promo then?
We're doing it for the people who celebrate Christmas, and for all the others, too.
Others? Oh, like Chanukah and Ramadan?
Don't forget Kwanzaa.
What the fuck is a Kwanzaa?
I don't know.
And how come we can say those other words?
Did someone say cunt?
What the fuck?
Cliff, why did you do that? I was decorating that. That was our Christmas tree.
What are you talking about?
Our Christmas tree. You know, I bought this shitty fake one, because you didn't want to get a real one.
A real one? There's barely enough room in here for my Bowflex.
Okay, the only exercise you've ever gotten off that thing over there is when you dragged it into the apartment. And it cost $3,000.
Look, it was the Bowflex or get Sammy's brain medicine, and I think I made the right choice. Besides, when do you care about Christmas? You spent last Christmas puking up blood in the discount bin at Big Lots.
Yes, but, I've thought that since we've had Sammy, things should be a little different. I mean, this is the first Christmas since Sammy has come out of my vagina. And I thought that maybe he should have a normal Christmas, unlike the kind that I had when I was growing up. You know, like no swearing, no punching, none of the shitty presents, none of the violent gang-related knife fights, none of the grandmother got ran over by a Mac truck. Look, I know that we're both welfare bums, but I just want our child to have a normal, healthy Christmas just like all the other children in the world.
Honey, Christmas is just another day. Actually, it's one of the only days I'll let a fat guy in a red suit come in the middle of the night and fuck my wife. But it's just another day.
No, it's not just another day. It's a day when you're supposed to spend time with your family. You're supposed to love your neighbor. You're supposed to celebrate the birth of Sir Isaac Newton. And it's the day you're supposed to give gifts. You know, I don't know if you remember this or not, but last Christmas, you actually gave me a gift.
I did?
Yeah. I mean, it was a $10 gift card to Sweat Pants Depot, but it was a gift nonetheless. And it showed that you actually cared a little bit.
Well, I guess I do care about Christmas. And about you.
You know what's the greatest gift of all?
Meth?
No, stupid.
Crack rock?
No, funny.
A sneeze guard on a salad bar?
No, stupid. Our little miracle, Sammy!
So, is this Christmas, Honey?
No, technically, tomorrow's Christmas. Tonight is Christmas Eve.
Tomorrow, I'm going to the Indian Casino. So you can take your little miracle and shove him back up your dusty vagina, you fuck.
Guess some things never change. Merry Christmas.
Hi, Honey. I'm home.
Hi, Cliff.
Whoa, what's the occasion. Smells good.
Cliff, I ran into Phil Myassup today at the grocery store. You know, the guy who works for DCFS. He's always trying to get us thrown in jail.
Oh, Phil, Yeah, nice guy.
Yeah. I invited him over to dinner at the last minute. I thought it would be a good way to make a good impression. Oh, he's here already. 
Um.
Quick.
Okay.
Don't let him in. 
All right.
Hurry. 
Right.
Hurry, but stall.
Okay.
Stall.
Sure, sure. Sure, no problem, no problem. Ow! Phil! How ya doing, buddy? Welcome to our lovely Section 8 home here. Honey, look who's here. It's Phil!
Hi, Honey.
Hi.
Oh, boy. You've really cleaned up in here. No, uh, anals or porno or crack rock. Boy, that smells great. What's cooking?
Oh, you know, nothing special. A little bit of this, a little bit of that. Have a seat, Phil. Um, you know, Phil, it's really great of you to come by tonight.
Oh, well, it was convenient for me. I was having a couple of negligent parents down the street arrested, so I was literally in the neighborhood.
So, Phil, would you like something to drink? Vitamin water or V8, perhaps?
I'll have a beer.
Oh, good. Because that's all we have. here you go.
Thank you.
Just a couple minutes!
Why is there a turkey in the bassinet?
Greetings, my human, Frag-Cliff!
Fragnon, what's up, my brother...from another planet?
Ah ha! Ah ha ha ha ha ha! Ah ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! Ah! Hey, mind if I?
Of course, Fragnon. Mi casa es su casa. Welcome back to Milwaukee.
Zagnar! Say, Cliff, would you like to try some space meth?
I'll take a pass on that, but thanks.
Hey, your loss.
So, Fragnon. How are things at the Blaksnor Zeltron these days?
Oh, don't get me started. Yesterday, Flagnon said, I want 28 quipnars, but 28 quipnars, that's criminal. So, yesterday, I went to the subcontuous quorg, and I said, no way, that isn't gonna glog.
Wow, 38, huh?
Yeah, that was so substentaneous hooglau.
I hear you, brother. I hear you.
So, Cliff. 
Yeah.
Occasionally, I monitor your earth transmissions.
Yeah.
I was wondering if I could obtain the coordinates for the one you call Hannah Montana. I would like to make unsolicited rape at her.
Oh, hey.
Oh, Honey. This is Fragnon. He's from the planet, Gragnor.
Mm-hmm.
Every now and then, he likes to drop in, you know, just to hang out, have a beer.
Why yes, I can transmit over 12 million parsecs with this, my transportation device. That glarks my clagnu every time!
Yeah, Honey, he just likes to hang out here.
I find it pleasant and relaxing to talk human and to share a beer with your mate Cliff, in addition to other earth pastimes that I enjoy. I'm sorry. Did I say that out loud? What I meant to say was...
Cliff, can I talk to you for a moment...in private?
Sure. Fragnon, I'll be right back, okay? Yeah, what's up, Honey?
That's the guy who raped me. The one in the shitty alien costume.
What? I don't remember anything about that?
It happened last month. I was trying to tell you about it, but you look confused, like you didn't know what "raped" meant. So I got you a dictionary, and you looked it up...
Uh-huh.
...you found it, and you started laughing hysterically.
Yeah, right. I remember. Why someone would force you to clean up leaves is beyond me.
No, stupid. It's something so much worse. I was walking home late at night...
Uh-huh.
...and he came up behind me...
Mm-hmm.
...and he grabbed me...
Uh-huh.
...and he stuck his giant dick in my vagina and it really really hurt.
What, Fragnon? No, he would never do that to a woman without her consent. He's a pretty decent guy from an alien culture I know absolutely nothing about.
No, no. Look, look, look. That has to be him. Look, ten reported incidents so far. He takes young college middle-age women, and he takes advantage of them. Sexual advantage of them.
Oh.
They say that he appears and he disappears all the time. He gets away with it over and over again.
He does, huh?
Oh, you have to do something, Cliff. You have to punch him back to wherever he came from. Tell him he's not welcome here anymore.
Honey, I know exactly what I need to do. Fragnon! I want to know if you have another one of these transportation devices.
Hey, Sammy, it's me, Mr. Learning Time! Today, we're gonna learn about the alphabet.
Get away from my kid, Learning Time!
Stay outta this, Grabowski. This is between me and the kid.
Do you like letters, Sammy? How about we start with A. A is for apple. Apples I like to eat.
I said stay away from my kid, you fucking prick.
You know, Grabowski, I'm just trying to teach the kid a few things, cuz I know you won't do it. This fucking kid is gonna grow up like you. A welfare bum that knocked up a prostitute in the back of his Ford Escort and called her his wife. Now, aren't letters fun? Let's try B. B is for--
B is for brains.
Cliff, have you seen the allergy medication. Sammy has the sniffles again.
No, I haven't. Don't know where that's at.
Why is there a wet dish rag in the toaster?
Oh, I dunno. Maybe you should try and get it out. Reach in all the way.
Oh, and another thing. Why was there a venemous python in the bathtub this morning?
Gosh. Wow, that's crazy. I don't know. Maybe it came up through the drain. By the way, Honey, did you know it's our anniversary today?
Of what? We got married in July.
The anniversary of the signing of your life insurance policy. That's right, it was exactly one years ago that I took out a $100,000 policy on your death. I mean, your life. Your life. Not your death. So, to celebrate, I cooked you dinner.
You cooked me dinner?
That's right?
Cliff, that's so sweet. What did you make?
Well, for starters, I have an assortment of peanuts, cashews, and walnuts. Second, delicious pudding, all colored with a variety of different dies. And lastly, some tasty treats from the sea. Some fish, shrimp, and an assortment of shellfish.
Wow. I don't know what to say. Where should I start?
Wherever you'd like, dear. Wherever you'd like. Dammit, this is taking too long!
Hey, it's the creature from the whore Lagoon.
Very funny. Look, I'm really stressed out. I don't want any of your cute comments today.
News flash. Archaeologist disappointed to learn that King Slut's tomb has been raided multiple times.
I was at the dollar store buying pumpkin-flavored condoms, and it got robbed.
Wow, that's brilliant. Forget banks, dollar store's are where the money's at. So many dollars. So what's your point?
My point is this neighborhood is going down the shitter.
Honey, what do you want me to do. You've got tired feet syndrome, and I'm on disability. Plus, all next month, I've got to train for that triathlon. Finding a Section 8 apartment is hard, Honey.
I know that we can't move. Can we at least get a new lock for our door? our dead bolt's been broken for like a year.
I told Babu about the lock. He's in India. He can't fix it. What do you want me to do?
Hmm...hmm...oh, I know! Why don't we get a motherfucking lock for the door? We're in the hood, Cliff.
Honey, the whole city of Milwaukee is the hood. What do you want me to do? Wait, I've got an idea. 
What? Honey, it says here they're gonna try to have a manned mission to Mars by 2045.
Hmm.
But we've already been to Mars.
Oh, no. Cliff. That was a movie.
Honey! President Lincoln's been assassinated!
Cliff, that happened 143 years ago.
Honey, the Titanic sank!
Oh, my god. It did?
97, 98, 99, 100. We finally have enough, Cliff. We have enough.
Yes, hello, hospital? Yes, this is Cliff Grabowski. Yes, that guy. We'd like to come in and get Sammy's brain medication now. We have all $60.
Everything's gonna be just fine with your brain now, Sammy.
Oh. Oh...oh, thousand. Okay, I'm sorry. There's been a horrible misunderstanding. Okay, thank you.
Cliff? What happened, Cliff? Cliff, can we get the brain medicine?
Why don't you count that again?
Oh, god.
Yes, hello, hi. How much are your baby caskets?
