Sep 17, 2016
George Lucas Salad Unboxing Video #1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j4z3xv2l9_k
https://www.twitter.com/redlettermedia/status/777377839033319424
https://www.facebook.com/redlettermedia/posts/10153924510212634
https://www.reddit.com/r/RedLetterMedia/comments/53axwu/george_lucas_salad_unboxing_video_1

LUCAS:
Okay.
What we have here is, uh, Organic Girl's new 50/50, uh, Spring Mix and Baby Spinach blend.
They just came out with this, uh, a few months ago and, uh, I've been, I've been dying to try this.
It's the first package I have, I have a hold of.
Now, the thing with the 50/50 mix is, uh, you used to have to buy, like, a whole bag of the spring mix, and a whole bag of the baby spinach.
And you'd have to, to mix them together.
But then, then you would have, uh, too much salad, so...
Uh...
Ooh!
"The Perfect Mix!"
And, uh, as you can see, it has been washed three times.
So, uh, this should be some, some very clean salad.
This package is sealed, uh, with the, the, the, the plastic tag going across the side, so you know that your salad has not been tampered with.
Um, let's, let's open up the package now.
I am going to use a fork to unhinge the tag.
And, uh, now we can use the, the tabs at the top of the package to open the salad.
Oh, god!
Oh, god!
Oh!
Hold on.
Um, hold on.
Okay, uh, now I have here, uh, Bright Farms, uh, their new local spinach blend.
Uh, which means it's locally grown.
Uh, you're not, you're not getting this imported from somewhere like Mexico.
I'm not even sure if they make spinach there.
Um...
They, they have an advertisement for their next product on, on the box, which is some good marketing.
You always wanna sell that product.
That next product you have coming out.
It's very important.
Um, it's grown in Rochelle, Illinois, which, well, quite frankly, that's not very local, as I, I live in San Francisco.
Um, expirtation date is 9/23/2016.
So that's, that should be pretty fresh.
Um, this particular packaging, a lot of times, they have the tamper-proof seal label that goes around the edge.
Uh, not this particular variety, though.
So I cannot be sure that this spinach does not have anthrax.
Let's try and open the package now.
This is a very complicated tab.
I don't...
I'm trying...
Does this go here?
I don't...
Oh.
Oh, that goes up.
Well, that's, that's a new innovation in packaging, actually.
It, it may actually hinder tampering because it's very difficult to open, but I feel very secure with this spinach.
Um, let's give it the test.
A lot of times when you, when you think of spinach, you think of, like, a Popeye can, but not [UNINTELLIGIBLE].
Okay.
So, today we have a Roundy's brand, uh, Cobb salad with chicken.
So, that'll be exciting.
Uh, now the, the Rondy's Cobb salad, it comes with its own ranch, but personally, my, my personal go-to ranch is the Hidden Valley, uh, ranch light.
Uh, I keep one of these with me everywhere I go, just in case I have a salad.
Uh, there's one in my glovebox.
There's, there's one in my pocket.
Uh, my servant is usually carrying around a few.
And every time I have a salad, I, I make sure I have one of these nearby.
Um, now the Roundy's brand, uh, obviously as you can tell by, by looking, you don't get as much as you do in the, the Safeway brand salad.
Uh, but, uh, I think the quality is just, uh, a little bit higher.
And, uh, as you can see, this is some very nice packaging.
Uh, it's, uh, a shiny, reflective plastic bottom.
Um, and they put the expiration date on, on the back where, where it's not, it's not ruining the, the aesthetic view of the salad bowl.
Uh, which is very nice.
Uh, we have an ingredient list on the back.
This is Cobb salad with chicken.
Those are the ingredients.
And some phosphorids, or something?
Let's, let's take a look and see what we get in the Roundy's Cobb Salad.
Get the tab open.
I always have trouble with the tabs.
I don't know why that is.
Just have a tab problem.
Uh, here, here's Newman's Own Ranch.
And, uh, I'm not, I'm not quite fond of Newman.
Not the ranch.
I mean, Paul Newman.
Um, and, uh, the salad itself, uh, it's a decent texture for a salad that's been compacted in a plastic bowl.
Uh, now, now, what I might normally do, is I might have a separate, uh, package of salad to use in here.
Instead, us, let me go grab that right now.
Uh, I, I personally prefer to mix in just a little bit of the Mann's Green Leaf Singles.
Um, just, just to give the salad a little bit of, uh, spice.
And, uh, we'll get this open here.
I should have opened this up ahead of time.
I didn't think to do that.
Shred that up in there.
And that'll, that'll mix in with  the rest of the salad.
Just to give it a, a little bit of extra texture.
And you get one, uh, hard-boiled egg.
Oh, hold on.
Yeah?
Yeah?
Steven.
So what's going on with that new Indiana Jones project?
He's too old?
What do you mean, he's too old?
He's only 78.
Oh.
He agrees to do it?
What do you, what do you mean he insists we kill him off again?
Oh, Jesus Christ.
I made that man.
Okay.
Sorry about that.
Uh, so we have some, uh, cherry tomatoes.
And, uh...
Well, it's, I'm sure it's a fantas-...
Hold on.
I've gotta go call Steven back.
I'll finish this later.
